Hello, good friends, we are here
power supply d
and a videoconsole in particular
from the source of esla
to ps 270 voucher has a fault this
console that turns on I do not know if there will be
past will pass
It is a ruling that is our source
the console the pilot of the pilot
red is perfectly when
make turns on makes a start but
does not end up booting the console it
turn off objective
Well, that's a problem
that by these these issues
adjustable resistors are worth going
the measure that has this is what
He answered in a measure of science
is
power supply
everyone has to have a measure this
we have measured it from 1
which is well worth we have already proven that
works the first primer measurement
potentiometer is 33 gas worth more or
less
and make it possible if you pass is through
below it is 80
the second side
a little good to do it
the reference is the psc that you have
here
ok now we're going to measure it if it's okay
and the other one is the pp that is 80 a wall
what will be this is that here
so now, guiding us with this
and with the metro in scale we are going to
to size
To measure
inside your tablets
this is very simple where from the
as it has three pins one does not
is going to be used
and we see there
you have seen that it is wrong
the time
and let's measure the other notice is fine
you have to download it from person to download
baby
you have to lower the scale
and this marks us 7
good up to the scale of 20 houses
legitimate to the scale of mine but
why but but how
67 that are 70 thousand 77 so it's fine
if the one that had to be modified is that
ok there are some that do move
for what we have been seeing and
noting that according to all the
let's play vital because it seems that this one
It is very sensitive to manipulation
then let's take a little with the
pistol with a pistol d
of these plastic
a flexible topic we are going to throw a
droplet so it does not move again and
this failure does not come back
we proceed to read
to lower it a little I think there was
what to upload
we see that moving him a little bit
ok there would be fine 3 2 whatever it is not
nothing happens
we would see each other a little
and to solve it we are going to throw a
droplet
but very little
jose maybe we had a good time
The mission of Sant foto
And for what
we could not so that they are not new
by the heat or whatever
we wait for you to get a little bit and we're going to
do another reading just in case
changed the value
that surely has changed
followed a little
and something will have gone up
you have seen that it changes with a respect
a little
there would be perfect
you have seen that with nothing and that has
modified or supposedly it would be
replace it
Perez, you have one thing, it takes you away from
little glue nothing
now we proceed to cut it and another
we will have
well let's do now the
causes the console to boot
perfectly
the green fault that is my country
that is the controlled as you see trying
perfectly
we need to try to start a
white console on the train but you have
seen perfectly
I will be a simple repair already
zero euros
see you later